Update technical background info in Script Canvas intros (#1118)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/features-intro.md

## Build logic with Script Canvas or Lua

In O3DE, you have *two* scripting environments available for creating runtime logic: a visual scripting tool called Script Canvas, and a more traditional scripting model, Lua.

> With Script Canvas, scripts are created as flow graphs by placing and connecting functional nodes in a visual editor, no programming required. Script Canvas allows you to experiment and iterate quickly, and provides an easy yet powerful entry point to new developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Script Canvas, you can create scripts as flow graphs by placing and connecting functional nodes in a visual editor, no programming required. Script Canvas allows you to experiment and iterate quickly, and provides an easy yet powerful entry point to new developers.
```

> With Lua, O3DE supports a well-established scripting language, and the ability to use the editor of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Lua, O3DE supports a well-established scripting language and the ability to use the editor of your choice.
```
